these are my two Power Acoustik what is
that Oh bi 5500 DS I got two of them
they're real nice
I got em off eBay for cheap
can't even believe how much I got them
for but there are other awesome
and going with these guys at the power
to stick mofo 15 there what is it
seventeen hundred watts RMS each 3000
watts max they're uh they're pretty big
beefy subwoofers I've had the
old mofos once I had 115 in it it was it
was pretty loud there's a phone just to
show you how how big these woofers are I
mean they're pretty big they're
not you know they're heavy but whatever
let's turn one of these guys around
there's the backs of them
nothing special stock of the subwoofer
there they're good says there's all the
packaging it was like Christmas
opening these things up so it is the
other one and we'll be stopping those
amps together at 2 ohm these are dual
dual 2-ohm so I'll be taking them up up
to 4 ohm and strapping and and wiring
goes to together to go back down to two
of them because these amps are only
stable at 2 ohm when you strap them
together so they say they do 50 500 watt
SATA at 2 ohms strapped so so we'll see
we'll see these mofos freaking dump hard
so I will be back with another video